Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Back in 1966, there was a young boy named Benny Carson who lived in Detroit.
Benny was not very good at school, and this made his classmates laugh at him.
One day he got really angry and hit one of them in the head.
This made his mother Sonia Carson get called into the principal's office.
After the meeting, Benny felt really sad.
He thought that he was not smart.
His mother, however, believed in him.
She told him that he was not stupid, but very smart and that he just needed to work harder.
Still, she was worried.
She did not want her sons, Ben and Curtis, to end up with jobs that they did not like,
because they weren't doing well in school.
To help Benny do better, Sonia started helping him with his schoolwork.
This is when she found out that Benny was having trouble seeing.
She quickly got him glasses, which helped him do better in school.
Benny often felt that he was not as good as his classmates, but Sonia always told him
to concentrate on his studies.
Benny's life changed when he went to a church service one Sunday.
The pastor told a story about a brave doctor who helped poor people, even though it was
dangerous.
This story really touched Benny and made him want to become a doctor who helps others.
Sonia was dealing with a lot of personal troubles.
She regularly visited a psychiatrist and she told him about her hard life.
She spent her childhood in foster care, without a real family.
At just 13, she married Carson.
Later she found out that Carson had another family that he hid from her, despite their
best efforts.
Their marriage fell apart and ended in divorce.
Now Sonia works multiple jobs, like cleaning and babysitting, to support her family.
Sonia can't read or write, and this scares her.
She's worried that her sons might end up facing the same challenges.
She even tells her psychiatrist about her thoughts of ending her life, which worries
him.
He suggests that she should spend some time in a hospital for her mental health.
During dinner, Sonia tells her sons that she will have to be away for a few weeks.
She doesn't tell them why, but she urges them to concentrate on their schoolwork, because
she believes that getting a good education is the key to a better life for them.
While Sonia is in the hospital, her son Benny keeps his promise to her.
He starts working harder in school.
His hard work pays off when he receives his first A grade.
When Sonia comes home from the hospital and Benny shows her his grade, she feels so proud
of him.